README.md, before:

# Hi there, I'm Shashank Shailabh 👋

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://readme-typing-svg.herokuapp.com?font=Fira+Code&pause=1000&color=2E9EF7&center=true&vCenter=true&width=435&lines=Senior+Software+Engineer+%40+Adobe;AI+%26+Machine+Learning+Expert;IIT+Kanpur+Alumnus;Building+Intelligent+Systems" alt="Typing SVG" />
</div>

## 🚀 About Me

I'm a Senior Software/Machine Learning expert with 4+ years of experience at **Adobe**, specializing in AI Copilots, Domain-Specific Languages (DSL), and distributed systems. I'm passionate about building intelligent systems that solve real-world problems at scale.

🎓 **Education**: Indian Institute of Technology, Kanpur (2017-2021)  
📍 **Location**: Noida, India  
🔬 **Research**: Published at ACL-IJCNLP 2021 | 2 Patents Filed  

## 🎯 Current Focus

<!-- START:now -->
- 🤖 Building AI Copilots and intelligent assistants at Adobe
- 📚 Exploring advanced Neural Topic Modeling techniques
- 🔧 Developing Domain-Specific Languages for better developer experience
- 🌐 Working on scalable distributed systems
- 📝 Maintaining [awesome-template-engine](https://github.com/sshailabh/awesome-template-engine) - A curated list of template engines
<!-- END:now -->

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

### Languages
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/C++-00599C?style=for-the-badge&logo=cplusplus&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-ED8B00?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white)

### ML/AI Frameworks
![TensorFlow](https://img.shields.io/badge/TensorFlow-FF6F00?style=for-the-badge&logo=tensorflow&logoColor=white)
![PyTorch](https://img.shields.io/badge/PyTorch-EE4C2C?style=for-the-badge&logo=pytorch&logoColor=white)
![Keras](https://img.shields.io/badge/Keras-D00000?style=for-the-badge&logo=keras&logoColor=white)
![scikit-learn](https://img.shields.io/badge/scikit--learn-F7931E?style=for-the-badge&logo=scikit-learn&logoColor=white)

### Tools & Technologies
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2496ED?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white)
![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-232F3E?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white)
![Linux](https://img.shields.io/badge/Linux-FCC624?style=for-the-badge&logo=linux&logoColor=black)

## 📊 GitHub Stats

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=sshailabh&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true&count_private=true" alt="GitHub Stats" />
  <img src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=sshailabh&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true" alt="GitHub Streak" />
</div>

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=sshailabh&layout=compact&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true" alt="Top Languages" />
</div>

## 🏆 Achievements & Certifications

- 🏅 **Special Contribution Award** - Adobe
- 🌟 **Spot Award** - Adobe  
- 📜 **Deep Learning Specialization** - Coursera (2020)
- 🤖 **DeepLearning.AI TensorFlow Developer** - Coursera (2020)
- 🎮 **Reinforcement Learning Specialization** - Coursera (2020)

## 📚 Featured Publications

### TAN-NTM: Topic Attention Networks for Neural Topic Modeling
**ACL-IJCNLP 2021** | [Paper](https://aclanthology.org/2021.acl-long.299/)

> A novel neural topic modeling approach using topic-aware attention mechanisms for improved document understanding.

*Authors: Madhur Panwar, **Shashank Shailabh**, Milan Aggarwal, Balaji Krishnamurthy*

## 🌟 Featured Projects

<!-- START:projects -->
### [awesome-template-engine](https://github.com/sshailabh/awesome-template-engine)
A curated list of template engines across all programming languages with repository activity stats. Features automatic updates, benchmarks, and comprehensive categorization.

### [SemEval-2021-Task-11](https://github.com/sshailabh/SemEval-2021-Task-11)
Implementation for SemEval 2021 Task 11 - NLP contribution to computational linguistics research.
<!-- END:projects -->

## 📈 Template Engine Insights

<!-- START:template-stats -->
**Total Template Engines Tracked**: 117  
**Languages Covered**: 17  
**Last Updated**: 2025-09-28
<!-- END:template-stats -->

## 🤝 Connect With Me

<div align="center">
  
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/shashank-shailabh/)
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-100000?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/sshailabh)
[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:shashank.shailabh@gmail.com)

</div>

## 💼 Professional Experience

### Senior Software Engineer @ Adobe
*Building next-generation AI-powered creative tools*

- 🚀 Developing AI Copilots for enhanced user productivity
- 🔧 Creating Domain-Specific Languages for better developer experience
- 🌐 Architecting scalable distributed systems
- 🧠 Implementing advanced ML models for personalization

## 🎯 Recent Activity

<!-- START:activity -->
*No recent public activity*
<!-- END:activity -->

---

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=sshailabh&style=flat-square&color=blue" alt="Profile views"/>
  
  <br/>
  
  <i>⚡ "Building intelligent systems that make a difference"</i>
</div>

Commit message:

Update README: streamline tech stack and add Substack blog post

README.md, after:

# Hi there, I'm Shashank Shailabh 👋

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://readme-typing-svg.herokuapp.com?font=Fira+Code&pause=1000&color=2E9EF7&center=true&vCenter=true&width=435&lines=Senior+Software+Engineer+%40+Adobe;AI+%26+Machine+Learning+Expert;IIT+Kanpur+Alumnus;Building+Intelligent+Systems" alt="Typing SVG" />
</div>

## 🚀 About Me

I'm a Senior Software/Machine Learning expert with 4+ years of experience at **Adobe**, specializing in AI Copilots, Domain-Specific Languages (DSL), and distributed systems. I'm passionate about building intelligent systems that solve real-world problems at scale.

🎓 **Education**: Indian Institute of Technology, Kanpur (2017-2021)  
📍 **Location**: Noida, India  
🔬 **Research**: Published at ACL-IJCNLP 2021 | 2 Patents Filed  

## 🎯 Current Focus

<!-- START:now -->
- 🤖 Building AI Copilots and intelligent assistants at Adobe
- 📚 Exploring advanced Neural Topic Modeling techniques
- 🔧 Developing Domain-Specific Languages for better developer experience
- 🌐 Working on scalable distributed systems
- 📝 Maintaining [awesome-template-engine](https://github.com/sshailabh/awesome-template-engine) - A curated list of template engines
<!-- END:now -->

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-ED8B00?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white)
![Scala](https://img.shields.io/badge/Scala-DC322F?style=for-the-badge&logo=scala&logoColor=white)
![TensorFlow](https://img.shields.io/badge/TensorFlow-FF6F00?style=for-the-badge&logo=tensorflow&logoColor=white)
![PyTorch](https://img.shields.io/badge/PyTorch-EE4C2C?style=for-the-badge&logo=pytorch&logoColor=white)

## 📊 GitHub Stats

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=sshailabh&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true&count_private=true" alt="GitHub Stats" />
  <img src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=sshailabh&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true" alt="GitHub Streak" />
</div>

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=sshailabh&layout=compact&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true" alt="Top Languages" />
</div>

## ✍️ Latest Blog Post

### [The Power of Template Engines: From Web Development to AI Prompting](https://substack.com/home/post/p-164289869)
> Exploring how template engines have evolved beyond web development to become essential tools in AI systems, enabling dynamic prompt construction and sophisticated content generation.

## 📚 Featured Publications

### TAN-NTM: Topic Attention Networks for Neural Topic Modeling
**ACL-IJCNLP 2021** | [Paper](https://aclanthology.org/2021.acl-long.299/)

> A novel neural topic modeling approach using topic-aware attention mechanisms for improved document understanding.

*Authors: Madhur Panwar, **Shashank Shailabh**, Milan Aggarwal, Balaji Krishnamurthy*

## 🌟 Featured Projects

<!-- START:projects -->
### [awesome-template-engine](https://github.com/sshailabh/awesome-template-engine)
A curated list of template engines across all programming languages with repository activity stats. Features automatic updates, benchmarks, and comprehensive categorization.

### [SemEval-2021-Task-11](https://github.com/sshailabh/SemEval-2021-Task-11)
Implementation for SemEval 2021 Task 11 - NLP contribution to computational linguistics research.
<!-- END:projects -->

## 📈 Template Engine Insights

<!-- START:template-stats -->
**Total Template Engines Tracked**: 117  
**Languages Covered**: 17  
**Last Updated**: 2025-09-28
<!-- END:template-stats -->

## 🤝 Connect With Me

<div align="center">
  
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/shashank-shailabh/)
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-100000?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/sshailabh)
[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:shashank.shailabh@gmail.com)

</div>

## 💼 Professional Experience

### Senior Software Engineer @ Adobe
*Building next-generation AI-powered creative tools*

- 🚀 Developing AI Copilots for enhanced user productivity
- 🔧 Creating Domain-Specific Languages for better developer experience
- 🌐 Architecting scalable distributed systems
- 🧠 Implementing advanced ML models for personalization

## 🎯 Recent Activity

<!-- START:activity -->
*No recent public activity*
<!-- END:activity -->

---

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=sshailabh&style=flat-square&color=blue" alt="Profile views"/>
  
  <br/>
  
  <i>⚡ "Building intelligent systems that make a difference"</i>
</div>
